all right who's an accidental now who
play with next I'll try to hook count
even though I I definitely am NOT very
good with him anymore too bad I remember
if his ult just punches or kicks look it
up right now wonder if this guy's
watching the stream oh gosh Hugo gets a
calm as she sucks it's gonna be fucking
terrible match oh it is down with the
kicks ok soldiers down with the kicks
white blue cow truth uh-huh stupid
fucking hyuga congeal let's get started
what oh I wasn't trying to jump I've no
idea what happened with overhead what
again I was trying to do meaty but ok
sure certainly earned it what what the
hell happened there what is going on he
was right in front of me wide open I
couldn't hit him twice yes great game
what hahaha okay who's stupid wow
finally came out jump Jesus haha stupid
game what a weird mash
oh my god are you serious I predicted he
was gonna do it it still fucking hates
me what the hell is up with that ultra
that's what I did that's exactly what I
did in black 160 oh my god I lost again
cuz my move didn't come out he was wide
open i did 360 he didn't do it he did
something else complete trash again man
that guy literally was mashing fucking
ultra 360 next to me the whole time he
hit me like four fucking times because
of bullshit my x 360 s didn't work
because a fucking online bullshit
terrible bash